# Coherent-Informative-Branch-Verified-
This is the base to which information can be contributed *exclusively through refinement and not confinement*, and which consolidates all information useful to all services that utilize it. Individual services and improvement proposals are created as derivative branches and are pulled in when verified to not conflict with the "parameters" set for improving this base branch. The purpose of this is to create a means for distributed work to be accomplished for improving services in a imperial way with the best proposed methods towards approaching "contributory democracy". This is defined here as information that is distributed, utilized, and revised without being controlled or confined. It is information itself, and information itself improving information delivery. 
The primary "parameter" for this branch is that it is not bound by its parameters, but by whether or not the information provided to be included in it is being written into the branch in a way that does not include confining information. Any branches which include information that refute or contribute to the current model of this branch are to included into it.
Writing new parameters and information in a format compatible with the chosen (there is no chosen language yet) coding language is encouraged when doing so is practical.
"Parameters" in this document are not confining. If you can refute any parameters, please do so in your pull requests. Pull requests that include information that does not follow this branch's "parameters" and includes information which refutes the "parameters" that are not followed will be considered for verification as though they are following this branch's "parameters."
